fix: update getting started script and docs (#811)
stackabletech/trino-operator: docs/modules/trino/pages/getting_started/first_steps.adoc

=== Access the Trino web interface

To open the Trino UI in your browser you either have to start a port forwarding process or use `stackablectl` to obtain the node URL.
Either way, log in with the `admin` user name.
Since no authentication is enabled you do not need to enter a password.

With the port-forward still active, you can connect to the Trino web interfaceby pointing your browser to `https://localhost:8443/ui`.

> Using `stackablectl` you can obtain the direct node URL like this:

Reviewer: Could also be a LoadBalancer ;)
```suggestion
Using `stackablectl` you can obtain the direct Trino endpoint like this:
```
